[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The minute you start to
allow yourself to be beautiful,
the minute you can say not I
would be fine if I were this
way, but I am, I am.
Close your eyes and say
to yourself now, I am.
And look at all your
stuff and just let it be.
Don't wish it any other way
than it is, and just say
I am and allow your personality,
all your problems, your body
and all its problems, your
social scene and economic scene
and all its problems, see it all
as just the workings of nature,
like trees grow and trees die
and rivers and fish and brooks
and all of it.
Just look at it all
and allow it space,
and see that within
it all, I am.
I am.
And as more and more you
begin to recognize the I
am, when you look
at other beings,
you will see that in them.
An I am meets I am in love--
not romantic love, not
possessive love, not
needful love, not jealous
love, not the polarity
of love and hate in the ocean of
love, because you can add on I
am love.
I am love.
I'm not asking you what your
emotions are at this moment.
I am love.
I am awareness.
I am energy.
Feel your whole body as merely
a pulsating pattern of energy,
all of your thoughts
as forms of energy.
See it all as just patterns
and patterns of energy.
I am the spirit made manifest.
I am what I am and I am God.
All of the difficulties
with your body,
all of the difficulties
in your social world,
in your personality,
all will fall into perspective
as you recognize I am.
Some of them will disappear,
because you won't need them
anymore.
And some of them
you will understand
as the perfect expression of
the working out of your karma,
and you will allow
them to continue.
Make sure you heard that.
When you have entered
into the place of I
am, then all of your
physical problems,
all of your social problems, all
of your psychological problems
will come into perspective.
Those that you do not
need will fall away.
Others you will recognize
as the perfect working out
of your karma, and you will
allow them to continue.
I am love.
Who I am is not vulnerable.
When your body dies,
I am before time.
I am.
With each problem
you think you have,
see that it is your model
of having the problem that
is the problem.
Don't analyze your
way out of it.
Just sit down quietly
and follow your breath.
And if you can learn
how to talk to God
or talk to your inner
guru, open your heart.
Be in an intimate relationship
with your beloved.
Talk through the Divine Mother.
Be in love with
the spirit of God.
Open your heart in
the inner chambers
and say to your beloved,
let me know you.
Let me merge into you.
Let me even pass by my
separateness of my love
for you to become one with you.
That's the prayer.
When you pray to God, pray for
God, that's the route home.
It's all said.
It's right there.
It's in every motel room.
The living truth, everything
you needed to know
is sitting right
there, right there.